README Supplementary Data
==================================
The supplementary data include R code (in the **codes** subfolder) and datasets (in the **datasets** subfolder) that can reproduce the modeling and analyze 
result (in the **outputs** subfolder), and supplemental files (in the **outputs** subfolder) and visualize plots (in the **plots** subfolder).  The readers 
can also perform his/her own MCMC analysis using the files provided in the subfolder of ** MCMC replication ** (see the instruction in the last page for 
details), but this is optional as the readers can still directly reduplicate the work without re-run the MCMC analysis (see steps below in detail).  
All data will be publicly released after the paper published. The details and data pipelines are included in:

**codes**: 
The readers can directly duplicate the current results in a time manner using the generated MCMC outputs by the authors. The R source codes were 
organized in a stepwise fashion that the readers can easily duplicate the current work. Using human as an example:

“1_calibration_Human.R” (Step 1):  
The output of this R code script provides the results of model fitting to human calibration data (Figure 3C). 

2_MCMC_diagnosis_Human.RMD (Step 2):  
The output of this R code script provides the results of post-MCMC diagnosis tests, including: 
(a) Posterior distribution of population human model scaling parameters (Supplemental Table S6). The PBPK model parameters were updated (Table 3) using 
these updated "scaling parameters" by taking antilogarithm (exponentiation) transformation [e.g., Kabsc = exp (lnKabsC)] (Supplemental Table S4-S6 for mouse, 
rat and human, respectively).

(b) Posterior distributions for human model residual errors (Supplemental Table S9)

(c) Traces plot of IHG-specific population parameters in humans including the estimated value of Brooks-Gelman Multivariate Shrink Factors (MPSRF) 
(Supplemental Figure S3)

(d) Probability density function plots of IHG-specific population parameters for humans (Supplemental Figure S6)

(e) Correlation matrix of population metabolism-related parameters for humans (Supplemental Figure S9)

3_validation_MAP_Human3.R (Step 3):  
The output of this R code script provides the results of model fitting to human validation data. Once the validation process for all three species is 
completed (mouse, rat and human), one can run the script code of “3_validation_All” to compile the results (Figure 4). 

4_ 4_gsa_all.R (Step 4):  
The output of this R code script provides the results of parameter sensitivity analysis for iHg-specific parameters (Figure 5).

5_HED_Mouse.R and 5_HED_Rat.R (Step 5):
The output of these two R code scripts provide the results of estimated human equivalent dose (HED) based on mouse and rat models, respectively (Table 4). 

**MCMC replication** (optional):
!!!Note!!! The readers can skip this folder and can still duplicate the current work by using the already generated outputs provided by the authors as 
stated above.  The readers can run the MCMC analysis by executing the MCMC application file by clicking on the file (e.g., mcsim.iHgHumanBW.model. exe) and 
entering the name of MCMC input and output files (e.g., iHgHuman_3365.in, one chain for one input file each species).    

**datasets**: The datasets provided original data used in the current analysis.  These datasets are the same as those embedded in the R source codes.  

**MCSim**: The source fils of GNU MCSim software and the related modeling and input files that can conduct model simulation and prediction.

**outputs**: The files in the output folder are generated by the above R code and datasets.  The readers can replace these output files provided by the authors
with the newly generated outputs by the readers themselves (e.g., iHgMouse_3365.out for mice, one output file for each of 4 chains each species like mice)

**plots**: All plots showed in the manuscript were saved in this folder.

